1..
	1. public static void main(String [] args)
		This method is used to execute the program.
		JVM will search for the main methid to execute the program.
		Without this method we cannot execute the programs.
		In this method 
			public is a Access specifier  And keyword.
			static is modifier And Keyword.
			void is a return type.
			main is the name of method
			String [] args represents the array of String type named as args.
			
			
	
	
	2	class 
			Class is blue print or template to develop a software .
			We can create class using class Keyword.
			Class is consist of variables, methods and objects.
			Class is a logical entity.
			
			Syntax for the class 
			class ClassName{
			
			
			}
			
			
		Object 
			Object is a instance of class.
			Object is real world entity.
			Object will be Created if instance variables found in the class with the help of new Keyword.
			When an object is created a constructor has to be created , else compiler will create a default constructor.
			
			
			Syntax for the object 
			ClassName refVariable = new ClassName()

	3
		JVM : Java Virtual Machine
			JVM is virtually present in JRE but not physically.
			It provide the run time environment for the java.
			Class loader will loads  the .clas  files,
			Byte code verifier will verifies the code line by line.
			JIT will convert .class code to binary code.
			
		JRE : Java Runtime Environment
			It consist of JVM and set of libraries
			Runtime is handled by JRE.
		
		JDK :Java Development Kit
			It consist of JRE and some development tools.
			Compile time is handled by JDK.
			
4 		Constructor :
			It is a special type of method same name as class name without any return type.
			Constructor is used to initialize instance variables.
			when we create a object ,costructor is also get created  by the help of compiler,if we not created.
			
			Types ;
			1 . Default constructor
				It is a constructor without any parameters .
				If user is not created any constructor compiler will provide default constructor.
			2 . Parameterised constructor
				It is a constructor with parameters.
				The user has to create the parameterised constructor .

7			
		JVM looks for main method to execute the program, if syntax of main method is changed then JVM will 
		unable to get program . and program shows some error called "main method not found"
		
		Metohods : Is a block of code to perform some function
			Types:
			1 .Built in methods
				These methods are in built in java , we can only use it when required.
			
			2 .User defined methods
			These are the methods  created by user.There are 2 types in this 
				1 . Static methods
				Method declared with static keyword 
				2 . instance Method
				Method declared without static keyword

9		Class loader is element of JVM which loads the .class files to JVM .
		Compiler will convert

				
10 		Yes we can create private constructor, and we can overload the constructor.
		
		
12		Yes we can use by the help of reference variable.			
				
		
			
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
		
			